the green transportation revolution has
begun first in Barcelona then Paris and
now the city of Miami Beach and its
world-famous south beach art deco
district deco bike is the new zero
pollution public transit system serving
residents and visitors alike that has
also healthy fast and efficient so what
exactly is deco bike deco bike is the
new way to get around the city we can
move an entire city of people faster
healthier and greener than ever before
deco bike puts european-style bike
sharing on the map with the largest and
most comprehensive citywide system in
the United States operating 24 hours a
day 365 days a year
the system allows members to check out
deco bike out from any station and
simply return it to any station in the
city when done deco bike serves all
major points of interest throughout the
city whether your destination is your
home office or the newest and coolest
restaurant or hotel deco bike is there
waiting for you at your doorstep 24
hours a day
deco bikes primary goals are to reduce
the need for automobiles and fossil
fuels to help rid the atmosphere of
harmful air pollution and to approve
upon the health and fitness of the
entire community simply replace those
short trips normally made by car with
deco bike like to the market bank or
your office deco bike is fun
visitors locals and all your friends and
family can enjoy the best shops
restaurants parks and attractions
throughout the city deco bike gets you
into places cars simply can't go deco
bike is the cleanest and greenest method
of transportation available motor
vehicles produce about sixty billion
dollars per year in health-related
damages so what is the solution deco
bike your new green urban commuter it
requires no fossil fuels and has the
efficiency equivalent of over three
thousand miles per gallon cleaner air
and longer happier lives are the result
Decco bike is healthy biking to work
around town is one of the easiest ways
to lose weight boost your health and
energy levels while helping minimize
your risk of cancer and heart disease
you can stay fit just by commuting
around town on a dekho bike an adult
cyclist typically has a fitness level
equal to someone a decade younger plus a
longer life expectancy
Decco bike is also the fastest and most
convenient way to get around the city
save time and money isn't it time to
simplify your life no more worrying
about storing and maintaining your own
bicycle because with Deco bike that's
all included for free in your membership
and besides deckle bike is your bike
with so many deco station locations to
choose from there's no more wasting time
or fuel stuck in traffic unnecessarily
you won't have to waste any more of your
time looking for hard to find parking
spaces for your car or spend another
Dollar on cab fares with deco bike you
take the shortest in most direct routes
to all your destinations saving you time
hassle and money virtually eliminating
the need for an automobile throughout
the city deco bike is smart each deco
bike is uniquely identifiable and
communicates with every deco station it
knows who the rider is how far he or she
traveled the length of time spent riding
and can even calculate the carbon offset
for your journeys each deco station
wirelessly processes transactions and
communicates with the deco bike
Operations Center 24 hours per day
reporting inventory availability and
maintenance needs around-the-clock deco
bike is so easy to use anyone can do it
a membership card or credit card
provides access to the program simply
approach any station swipe your card
follow the instructions and ride deco
bikes easy to understand multiple
language menus and website make the
program friendly even to travelers from
outside the country membership sign up
is simple and is made available online
at www.craigswapp.com app showing the
locations of all stations available
bikes and vacant docking spaces in real
time getting around the city has never
been easier
Miami Beach is a city known across the
globe for its sunny weather top-notch
entertainment beautiful people and
amazing beaches and scenery but at the
same time it's also a city that is
helping lead the way with green
practices and sustainable transportation
initiatives after all going green isn't
just a trend it's a responsibility with
more than a hundred solar-powered echo
stations throughout the city of Miami
Beach the system is capable of operating
in excess of a thousand custom Deco
bikes the tropical and historic setting
of South Beach makes it the premier
location in the United States for a
public bicycle sharing and rental
program the best way to enjoy the
world-famous
Ocean Drive and Lincoln Road Mall is on
a deco bike getting around Miami Beach
has never been easier also as a Deco
bike member you will enjoy invites to
exclusive parties events contests and
promotions in and around Miami Beach for
your added convenience you can also
visit the deco store located at 723
Washington Avenue in South Beach where
you can ask questions about the deco
bike program get helmets locks apparel
souvenirs and other accessories for your
journey or to sign up for a membership
the developers of the deco bike program
seek to bring world class bike sharing
programs into other intelligent and
forward-thinking communities educational
institutions and corporate campuses
contact deco bike today for more
information on how to make your locale
more green more healthy and more livable
and remember think green ride deco bike
you